README.md, before:

# WXdotGOV

**Note: This is WIP and doesn't really do anything yet. You've been warned.

## Plan

This is meant to be a command application build in [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/)

Should accept a location and return the weather forecast from a zip code, zip plus 4, city, or city & state from `api.weather.gov` using a geoencoded latitude and longitude data using `nominatim.openstreetmap.org`.

## Resources

- `nominatim.openstreetmap.org`
    - [Search](https://nominatim.org/release-docs/develop/api/Search/)
        - GET https://nominatim.openstreetmap.org/search?city=ketchikan&format=json
        - GET https://nominatim.openstreetmap.org/search?postalcode=99901&format=json
- `api.weather.gov`
    - [Docs](https://www.weather.gov/documentation/services-web-api) 
    - Basic Worflow
        - GET https://api.weather.gov/points/47.5619,-122.625
        - GET https://api.weather.gov/gridpoints/SEW/115,68/forecast

## Why?

I've been enjoying playing with Rust Lang and I figured: "why not make a terminal application from an open service like so many before me?"

## How

I'm just noodling on this as I go to learn, most of this was written with Co-pilot and poking around `cargo docs` with a bit of prior experience toying with Rust.

I'm a Rust novice and I'm open to [feedback](https://github.com/ephbaum/wxdotgov/issues).

Commit message:

Update README to reflect current functionality
Fixes #8

Update the README.md to accurately describe the currently implemented and planned functionalities.

* **Implemented Functionalities**
  - Accepts a location and returns the weather forecast from a zip code, zip plus 4, city, or city & state.
  - Fetches latitude and longitude from `nominatim.openstreetmap.org`.
  - Fetches weather data from `api.weather.gov`.

* **Planned Functionalities**
  - Additional input validation and error handling.
  - Improved user interface and experience.
  - Support for more location input formats.

* **Examples**
  - `wxdotgov 12345`
  - `wxdotgov 12345-6789`
  - `wxdotgov "New York"`
  - `wxdotgov "Seattle, WA"`

* **Resources**
  - `nominatim.openstreetmap.org`
    - [Search](https://nominatim.org/release-docs/develop/api/Search/)
      - GET https://nominatim.openstreetmap.org/search?city=ketchikan&format=json
      - GET https://nominatim.openstreetmap.org/search?postalcode=99901&format=json
  - `api.weather.gov`
    - [Docs](https://www.weather.gov/documentation/services-web-api)
    - Basic Workflow
      - GET https://api.weather.gov/points/47.5619,-122.625
      - GET https://api.weather.gov/gridpoints/SEW/115,68/forecast

---

For more details, open the [Copilot Workspace session](https://copilot-workspace.githubnext.com/ephbaum/wxdotgov/issues/8?shareId=XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX).

README.md, after:

# WXdotGOV

**Note: This application is under development. Some functionalities are implemented, while others are planned.

## Implemented Functionalities

- Accepts a location and returns the weather forecast from a zip code, zip plus 4, city, or city & state.
- Fetches latitude and longitude from `nominatim.openstreetmap.org`.
- Fetches weather data from `api.weather.gov`.

## Planned Functionalities

- Additional input validation and error handling.
- Improved user interface and experience.
- Support for more location input formats.

## Examples

- `wxdotgov 12345`
- `wxdotgov 12345-6789`
- `wxdotgov "New York"`
- `wxdotgov "Seattle, WA"`

## Resources

- `nominatim.openstreetmap.org`
    - [Search](https://nominatim.org/release-docs/develop/api/Search/)
        - GET https://nominatim.openstreetmap.org/search?city=ketchikan&format=json
        - GET https://nominatim.openstreetmap.org/search?postalcode=99901&format=json
- `api.weather.gov`
    - [Docs](https://www.weather.gov/documentation/services-web-api) 
    - Basic Workflow
        - GET https://api.weather.gov/points/47.5619,-122.625
        - GET https://api.weather.gov/gridpoints/SEW/115,68/forecast

## Why?

I've been enjoying playing with Rust Lang and I figured: "why not make a terminal application from an open service like so many before me?"

## How

I'm just noodling on this as I go to learn, most of this was written with Co-pilot and poking around `cargo docs` with a bit of prior experience toying with Rust.

I'm a Rust novice and I'm open to [feedback](https://github.com/ephbaum/wxdotgov/issues).
